Add a 5 sec delta between the min and max time. (#37175)
demisto/content: Packs/DuoAdminApi/ReleaseNotes/4_0_23.md

#### Integrations

##### Duo Event Collector

> - Added a threshold of 5 seconds between max and min time when querying duo api to prevent errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a threshold of 5 seconds between max and min time when querying duo API to improve functionality.
```
